
IN:
`helm search repo prometheus-community`

OUT:
```
NAME                                              	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION                                       
prometheus-community/alertmanager                 	0.18.1       	v0.23.0    	The Alertmanager handles alerts sent by client ...
prometheus-community/kube-prometheus-stack        	36.0.1       	0.57.0     	kube-prometheus-stack collects Kubernetes manif...
prometheus-community/kube-state-metrics           	4.9.0        	2.5.0      	Install kube-state-metrics to generate and expo...
prometheus-community/prometheus                   	15.10.1      	2.34.0     	Prometheus is a monitoring system and time seri...
prometheus-community/prometheus-adapter           	3.3.1        	v0.9.1     	A Helm chart for k8s prometheus adapter           
prometheus-community/prometheus-blackbox-exporter 	5.8.1        	0.20.0     	Prometheus Blackbox Exporter                      
prometheus-community/prometheus-cloudwatch-expo...	0.19.0       	0.14.0     	A Helm chart for prometheus cloudwatch-exporter   
prometheus-community/prometheus-conntrack-stats...	0.1.0        	0.2.2      	A Helm chart for conntrack-stats-exporter         
prometheus-community/prometheus-consul-exporter   	0.5.0        	0.4.0      	A Helm chart for the Prometheus Consul Exporter   
prometheus-community/prometheus-couchdb-exporter  	0.2.0        	1.0        	A Helm chart to export the metrics from couchdb...
prometheus-community/prometheus-druid-exporter    	0.11.0       	v0.8.0     	Druid exporter to monitor druid metrics with Pr...
prometheus-community/prometheus-elasticsearch-e...	4.13.0       	1.3.0      	Elasticsearch stats exporter for Prometheus       
prometheus-community/prometheus-json-exporter     	0.2.2        	v0.3.0     	Install prometheus-json-exporter                  
prometheus-community/prometheus-kafka-exporter    	1.6.0        	v1.4.2     	A Helm chart to export the metrics from Kafka i...
prometheus-community/prometheus-mongodb-exporter  	3.0.0        	0.31.0     	A Prometheus exporter for MongoDB metrics         
prometheus-community/prometheus-mysql-exporter    	1.8.1        	v0.14.0    	A Helm chart for prometheus mysql exporter with...
prometheus-community/prometheus-nats-exporter     	2.9.3        	0.9.3      	A Helm chart for prometheus-nats-exporter         
prometheus-community/prometheus-node-exporter     	3.3.0        	1.3.1      	A Helm chart for prometheus node-exporter         
prometheus-community/prometheus-operator          	9.3.2        	0.38.1     	DEPRECATED - This chart will be renamed. See ht...
prometheus-community/prometheus-pingdom-exporter  	2.4.1        	20190610-1 	A Helm chart for Prometheus Pingdom Exporter      
prometheus-community/prometheus-postgres-exporter 	3.0.1        	0.10.1     	A Helm chart for prometheus postgres-exporter     
prometheus-community/prometheus-pushgateway       	1.18.2       	1.4.2      	A Helm chart for prometheus pushgateway           
prometheus-community/prometheus-rabbitmq-exporter 	1.2.0        	v0.29.0    	Rabbitmq metrics exporter for prometheus          
prometheus-community/prometheus-redis-exporter    	4.7.0        	1.27.0     	Prometheus exporter for Redis metrics             
prometheus-community/prometheus-snmp-exporter     	1.1.0        	0.19.0     	Prometheus SNMP Exporter                          
prometheus-community/prometheus-stackdriver-exp...	3.0.1        	0.12.0     	Stackdriver exporter for Prometheus               
prometheus-community/prometheus-statsd-exporter   	0.4.2        	0.22.1     	A Helm chart for prometheus stats-exporter        
prometheus-community/prometheus-to-sd             	0.4.0        	0.5.2      	Scrape metrics stored in prometheus format and ...
```
